Won't you wish your mentor was hot like me?
All right folks welcome back welcome back. It is a lovely day
Beautiful. Thank you so much praise the Lord. All right, so we're looking at the
Emini S&P because folks out there just simply
Can't accept the fact that it works beyond the Nasdaq. I know a lot of you are
Kind of like resistant to the Nasdaq and you like the good old smooth buttery slopes of
Emini S&P and that's fine. That's fine
To each their own, okay?
but
In keeping with what I said in the last
Market on close macro lecture just just yesterday just yesterday
It's a crazy um
If you haven't watched that video
I promise you this is going to hit differently if you go and watch it
First then come back to this. Yeah, you're probably going to invest about an hour in total time
If you're watching it regular time, but if you're like the rest of these individuals around the internet
They like to watch things double time. Okay, so there you go. You can compress it down about 35 minutes or so
You'll probably get the entire gist of both yesterday's lecture
Which gives you the context it gives you the rules what we're looking for what the measure what ranges important
How it should behave all those types of things and then I'm going to apply it right to
Yesterday's market on close now. I know I know some of you're thinking
Bros showing me a little tiny move in the afternoon and the market's going all over the place already nailed that down
Okay, I already nailed that down. I just secured that
We'll get into that at the wrap-up today
But for now, let's go in here and let me tickle your fancy with another market on close macro lecture
Okay, and then we're going to move on to something else
so
again, this is just to show you that
When we're looking at
Examples that are shown in this playlist. It's for you to see how you should be journaling
It isn't a lot of work to do
But you can obviously invest more time into it, but I don't think that you don't you don't need to do like a PhD level
Treaty on it. It's just
Whatever is salient to you. It's your understanding
But as you get better and better and better you're going to have a little bit more refinement
Obviously I could build these slides up then created here for a good grief
in encyclopedia level
But I'm just trying to show you how simple it can be and when you save them
And you go through them at the end of the week at the end of the month or when the markets are behaving in a certain way where it doesn't seem like it's
Really running to things on an algorithmic basis. It's a sloppy
You want to be able to look at your own
Price action and remind yourself it's going to pass and we'll be back to the levels where we can see
addictive analysis. Let's say it that way. All right, so this is again for Tuesday
New York PM session. So I'm reviewing yesterday's closing
hour in regular trading hours
So August 4th, 2026 and obviously today is
Wednesday the 5th of august in three more days
Good ol ict turns
54
Can you believe that? Can you believe that?
54
I think you might make 54 look good. I wish I wish I could have told myself when I was younger before I started to all this stuff
This in here
You don't see it coming
But you're going to shine in your 50s. So here we go
That's the entire range and I'm showing you a measurement here. It's as important
Okay, we're going to come back to this. So in your mind
Get a mental snapshot of this. All right, and if you have a cell phone
Take a picture of
These two levels right up here. Okay, and zoom in make sure you can see that number
And that right there. Okay, I made it a little bit hard for you to see it so we have to zoom in and take some initiative
I ain't doing everything for you
So the low right there at 9.30 Eastern time yesterday during Tuesday's red trading hours opening range
Start at 9.30 and then all the way up to the close at four
A clock, which is around here. So I'm right at this entity
These two levels
Right here this one and this one. Okay, this one. I said this one earlier, but you know
Just relax. I'm excited. Okay, I have to get back to my charts
I can review
Well moonwalked on today right and I want you to take your cell phone
And zoom in and take a picture of this level
In this level. Okay, because this is measuring the low
To the highest high and I already know some of you're going to say
But you would you wouldn't have known that I'm going to show you how you're checking yourself
Okay, before you're wrecking yourself
Just know that those levels are going to be important when I tell you to daily range
Full daily range measurements from high to low that's these levels right here
So I'm going to ring in those levels on the lower one minute time frame. So don't be confused
Don't be discombobulated. Okay, this is the information I'm pulling from
I'm going to talk about that high in a moment to the tick. Okay
So inside this little area that's the last hour trading between 3 p.m. Eastern time and 4 p.m. Eastern time
Okay, so that's the last hour regular trading hours trading
So we're going to zoom into that little area just like we did on Monday. Okay, so zoom on it into that
so here we are
we have
The area shaded in a light yellow it's not one of my favorite colors
But it will accomplish the method and over here we have the beginning of what
The pm session pre-market start time
So 130 p.m. Eastern time always set your time to what
New York local time, okay
so
Notice the time down here
I can't record that trade that I showed on my phone. It's it's going
It's going but I have to obviously manage things
With one screen okay with one screen. It is what it is folks
so
Don't you have that setup where you got like 12 monitors and this that other thing and you have a NASA
I got all that okay. I've been using it for a long time
Just to show you that one laptop and today I had to use a cell phone to screenshot something
But anyway, I'm I digress right I like doing this stuff because people say make it short get to the point the point is
You're either here to hang out with the old man have fun while you're learning or go watch somebody else
Okay, cuz I promise you if you stick around mr. Wizards going to impress you with some really cool stuff today
Beginning session 9 at 9 30 in the morning Eastern time starts the retreating session hours
And then we go into 11 30 a.m. Eastern time begins the two-hour lunch
And then it ends at 1 30 p.m. Eastern time. That's this right here the same thing we annotated yesterday
all right, so it's going to be important in a moment and
This high here
Oh, look at how he's sneaking up on here. He had to show his face didn't he look at look at this guy creeping around
He's got his eye on you
He's got his eye on me in case you try to take these lectures and pretend you did it. Okay, you made it right
You didn't make nothing boy. So this
stripped away
We don't have those levels from the daily range high and low
Did not there, but I'm gonna pull them back in in a moment. Okay
You ready?
Be honest. Are you ready?
Some of you I don't think you're ready
Pause the video and catch your breath
Send yourself take all the distractions and put them away and then when you're ready
Press resume
You know you're not ready and you didn't push the button you didn't pause it. What are you doing?
You look at your all hopped up on goofballs because you see
I get it. I get it. I get it. It's fun, isn't it?
I'm really jerking some people's chains of the honor
So we have that buy side liquidity pool right there
This guy can't stay on track. He's got OCD
ADHD hyperactivity
Would you know me? I'm gonna lie CT. So I didn't wait that bird of wine so we can focus right on that
There you see that right there
That's the beginning
Love the session for pre-market session
That 30-minute window between 1.30 p.m. Eastern time to 2 p.m. Eastern time. Okay, just like there's a opening range for
9.30 to 10 o'clock once the opening bell occurs for returning hours and indices
For p.m. session it's the same thing here. So you have to start there. Okay
Now watch this is important folks. This is really important once you know that
Okay, once you know that here
You're going to try to determine
From what that point on where
This little segment of time what price is going to do now
In your brand new or your next to no experience or if your first time viewers or if you just recently
Curious and you just don't really want to subscribe to what I'm teaching
But you just want to see what the old man's up to you're not going to understand what I'm saying
Okay, but we have been teaching sessions. We've been teaching very specific
macros very specific times of the day
Where things generally run to a script? Okay, and
What I'm suggesting to you is is when this time occurs
In my mind, I'm thinking how is everything after that moment
Going to impact these 10 minutes
Okay, now again some of you are going to watch this video and not be aware that I've already talked down on my
Monster hall this morning shorting as that
It'll be on a video after this one
But my focus is trying to find out what this little range is going to do in time
In deference to whatever price books between 130 p.m. Eastern time to
350 p.m. Eastern time to 4 p.m. Eastern time so inside that tiny little 10 minute window
okay
For a person with very little time as I mentioned yesterday and other times when I mentioned market on closed macro
You can do your entire career with just that small little window of opportunity
Not many want to try to do that obviously, but it can be done so
When it started at three o'clock, okay, so three o'clock is the beginning of the final hour of trading
regular trading hours
That's what's shaded here, okay, this entire shaded area is three o'clock p.m. Eastern time to four p.m. Eastern time
Notice that that biceye liquidity pool sitting right here and they rallied up
And it's hanging around in here just shy of that high
now as we get closer and closer to the beginning
at 350 p.m. Eastern time
It's reasonable to anticipate that this is likely to go up there and knock out biceye
But we've been going up all day
All of Tuesday once straight up, okay, so when the markets like that
It's generally considered long in the tooth. It's an expression. It means it's been
It's been doing something for a long period of time and it's it's probably growing tired and it's reasonable to anticipate some consolidation and or in this case a retracement
okay, so
As I was watching this market in here and it drops down it goes right into this little biceye
Balance cells on an efficiency at the beginning at three p.m. Eastern time
Then it starts to rally up. I'm anticipating it's going to run through these relative equal highs that high
And that high but how far
How far I see to you know how do you know when a turtle soup's going to run out of steam and go the other direction
Yeah, see that
Julia tell your boyfriend. This is what the real deal is, okay
The rally the rally takes off and clears this high and clears this high
Right here now
What's so special about this particular high? Why would it stop there?
Like what's the what's the significance for all the selling pressure to come in
All the selling pressure to come in at that moment and where did all the buying pressure go
Like it's it's gone. It's fell out of style
And now selling pressures in vogue
So what determines that right there at the high for that
Think about it like the buying and selling pressure myth
I'm gonna smash it. I'm gonna curb stop it today. Okay. It's gonna have no more teeth
It can't bite you. You don't have to worry about arguing with people. Okay
That little high right there to the tick
Their science behind that okay
We're gonna go forward and focus on
This low, which is a dealing range low and dealing range high what makes that so well
It's the low starting at 130 and it's at the highest high of the day
That's pretty simple isn't it at this point here at three o'clock those levels are absolutely known
Right there and right there
It's this low is lower than that one and that one and that one and there's only one high prior to we're at here
And it's the daily high intraday
Has it booked for the daily high yet, but we're in the last hour of trading. So
Where's it smooth
Here
Where's it jagged
Here
So take out the high go to buy side and then because we've been going all day long
It's gonna come off the high of the day and then settle
Lower than high that's the anticipation
So we're gonna be looking for a rally up
Above these highs
I teach that all the time, but again how far should it go up
Well, we're gonna bring in the grid
Okay, so we're measuring and grading the low
To the high see that
Hearing that forward
Okay
Bring them all the across to the entirety of the the range and put upon which we're gonna use for the clothes in the session
if we're looking at
This small little dealing range right here
Why am I picking that one
Because it's pulled down into
By-side and by-side and efficiency it went down as close you can get to equilibrium of this high
To this low see that
So it's traded down to a discount
As close as you can get to not breaching the midpoint
And it's respecting the by-side and by-side and efficiency. That's what's happening here, okay
So when price
Goes down here like that and leaves this high and this high
I'm gonna anticipate the market's gonna rally up and clear out that by-side
Then
Reject and go lower and that would be the market on close script
Now right away. I know what you're thinking, but how do you know that?
I don't know it until it starts to run to
That high. I don't want to short it. I don't want to go long yet
I want to see it go up into this high
Right away you can see that that measurement on this low
To high on the fib if you add
Negative 0.5, which is what I've been teaching
It'll print this you got a drag to fib from low up to high and include that on your setting on your fibs
And what you're going to do is you're going to take the old high that was in today
And you're going to grade that that there's two ranges there
You see me do this in the recording that you'll see at the end of this video
You'll actually see me execute
Okay, using this all this logic. I'm using it. It's not market replay
When these goobers out there say oh it's rocket it's market replay listen. It's not market replay
It's not okay
Like you can prove it's not market replay that's simply just looking at the open here
And the camp down the close on the the price axis
And look at the bottom of the screen
You would see the market replay controls. It's not there folks
And I'm screenshotting as I go and then I send it to x
And now we're getting the breakdown so that we understand what I was doing
Why and how it relates to yesterday's logic is not a reinvention is not twisting and contorting the logic
It's me just carrying the same process. So
We want to know what the range is that we have to define in the last
portion of the day and we get that measurement here and
When we do that we can grade
This high
Pulled up to that level that was just shown here, okay
That level here. So you're going to anchor the fib to this high draw it up to that level make sure the numbers match
Okay, and you're going to get a midpoint in here
That's what you watch me do in the trade recording
That gives you this level right here
7,786 even
Well
The high on this candle comes in at
astonishing, isn't it?
7,786 even
Now I didn't have much time because I'm trading with a woman in chart and
Once it did this and I proved that that was a halfway point in the trade
Going in the video of the trade I ended up getting in short right inside this
Gap, which is a bicellular balance health center efficiency with a small little in
Volume of balance. So you got to include that
But if we're expecting prices to go down
Okay, during these last 10 minutes
Again, surgical strikes that that's all these market on close things are small little surgical strikes
It's not to say look at me how smart I am and then some other guy out there that got lucky and he's holding on to something for a couple hundred handles
We're not comparing that I'm showing you the precision elements the timing aspects the script that it follows the logic that I taught you
Years ago about market on close if you're
Try to remember behind the paywall that that community that does not exist anymore. Okay, you can't join it
I don't do one-on-one mentorships. So please stop asking me
The the market started pull back down and it got below here now anything
Anything between this high and that high if you're trying to get short
Would it be a viable entry?
you could use
This wick here and anything at the midpoint above anything there perfect
Perfect
Now here's here's where it gets interesting
Here's that fair bag you got
And it smashes down through and look what it does it closes below it
So what does that mean when it does that?
according to icts
orderflow
Rules that's visually represented in a candlestick no gimmicks required no software program required no heatmaps no
Level two no special charts. No deep penetration charts. Not enough stuff. Okay. All these things
Here like that volume of balance
It violates the low of that and closes that validates this as if you're right on your bias
That means you got to know the direction otherwise these things are going to fail in your hands in the beginning
You don't know what the bias is consistently. It's going to fail in your hands
It does not mean my concepts fail. It doesn't mean that the logic is
You know inferior. It doesn't mean that you change the algorithm
It just means that you yourself as the operator don't know what you're doing yet
And that's okay. That's normal in the beginning. It takes time to learn this stuff. Okay
Validates it we
Open on this candlestick and trade right up into the volume and balance and fails to touch
Consequent encouragement of that gap which is defined by that candlesticks low that candlesticks close because there's a volume and balance
So that right there tells you is the market bullish or bearish according to the rules that i teach in regards to using candlesticks only
It's bearish
So it's supercharged the idea that it took the high out we're fast approaching getting into the the window of
350 p.m. Eastern time to 4 p.m. Eastern time and on this very candle that starts the 350 macro the algorithm starts running
What is it using?
Is it using
Andrew's pitchforks? Is it using supply and demand? Is it using like off? Is it using level 2
Footprint volume profile
Support resistance whatever it is. Is it doing all those things or is it doing what i'm telling you it's doing
It starts its run opens trades right up the
Inversion fare bag you got you see that i got entered in on this candlestick when it was inside of this little area
I'll show you in a moment just go back to recording to at the at the end you'll see it's there
And you see it in real time. There's not sped up these Googlers out there trying to say how he speeds it because he's trying to hide something
No, not i'm just making it so it's palatable on x simple
But you're getting the long form of it here and you got to someone want to watch this stuff you want to
Know something real quick by watching a small little five-minute trainer or less
Give me a tiktok version of this or you can't teach it you don't know what you're doing man get out here
Opens rallies up in the diversion fare bagat fails to touch consequent encroachment breaks lower aggressively
This is all the first minute of the macro at 350
Now to the left of that we see a small little pool of liquidity here. So there's cell side there
There's cell side here relative equal lows. There's cell side here
There's cell side here and then we have the dealing range low for the PM session start of pre-market. So 130 to 2 o'clock
That's the beginning. That's the lowest low of that range from here did i enter day high which we just pop the top of Uber over here, okay
So
What happens if i would have got stopped out
Say it went higher here
Well, once it broke below this again, then i would use this fare bagat to go short again
That that's what i would do you're not going to avoid
Imperfection imperfection is will you're always going to exist in even though you're aiming for perfection
It's like i said, it's a target. It's not a destination. You'll never arrive at perfection
Price action and delivery can be perfect in this case. You see it's perfect
Okay, and
What we're looking for is the lowest hanging fruit objective now. Let's go back to this range
high
To low
Equal improvements right here
So to reach for a discount
PD array you can use this cell side you can use this cell side
You can use this cell side, but before you get to this cell side look at this
Right in there. It's a beautiful little pie set about cell side inefficiency
And if we think it's going to come down and take out these relative equal lows that are all the same price
Then this could potentially become what an inversion fare bagat which is what we would want to see
Well, what you know it
It starts rolling aggressively down through it. We open at the low trade up
Don't leave a body and never half that's order flow rules according to me
All visually represented in candlesticks
Then the market breaks down aggressively
And trades into this pool of liquidity
This pool of liquidity and then finally takes the low out right there
Beautifully now. Let's go into the science behind it a little bit better than just what I've shown
Miner cell side taken minor cell side taken minor cell side
Taken see that
Remember that range I told you about at the beginning that was measuring the high in the low of the day
If this is going to print as the high and it starts to break down and we get that
Qualifying run off of the inversion fare bagat will say that you use this okay
My experience allowed me to know that this is reversing
But if this would have been your entry that's fine. We're going to go with that
As soon as it starts to break down and takes out that low you can then
Assume that that's the high and the lowest low that was formed in the morning session
You would get these levels upper octane
Upper quadrant there's two price levels
If you take your fib and measure that uh-oh
Here we go back to school now professor ict
We're dealing with 16th. Okay, so
By having that range high and that range low
According to the daily range
We split that in half. Okay, because this is an octane and an octane is between a
A
Quadrant or a percentile. This is a percentile
This is a octane which is half of the range between a percentile or the highest of the range
down to the
Upper quadrant. So half of that is a octane
eighths
Well
What's half of an octane or from an octane to a quadrant
a 16th
So you can see that level here
And it comes in at 7,761.75 the low
7,761.25 two ticks
Two ticks baby two ticks and when i was sharing my stop loss
One x and this is the reason why you guys don't understand. Okay, you don't understand
You see me executing on this
Okay, this is this is what you're going to watch me actually do in a minute
If i come out in the public
Okay, and i show every facet of me getting into the trade where my stop loss is
What i'm taking my partials all of you are going to do the same thing
Even if i come out and i tell you i'm trading in a paper trading account
Don't copy me with real money. You're going to copy me with with your real money
You know you are
And the fact that i'm bringing all the attention to a very specific price level whether it be target
Or a stop loss
Guess what's going to happen all of you are going to create that real liquidity
And it's going to build up and build up there's two and a half million of you
Even it's just one percent just one percent of you
Act on what i would be sharing if it was real-time quote-unquote signals
You would undermine the edge that i'm having because you're going to
Be counterproductive
It's easy for them to come in there and manual intervene and they did it again
They did it my look i'm telling you i got charter members has been with me for a long time
They were behind a paywall and he watched me call this stuff every single day
Every single day unless it was a holiday
period
so
If
You think i'm going to come out here
And lay my head on a silver platter and say here
Here you guys
Ragdial me so that way you can make my concepts look like they don't work
And then that was so that's exactly what they want
And the sounds conspiratorial you know and some people say i don't understand it
If if you came out and you were just doing in a paper trading
account, you know
How are they going to go for your stop you're in a paper trading account
You don't realize that people are going to try to mimic what i'm doing in their own real account
And that's going to be real stops that's going to be real orders
period
And because i teach manual intervention because it can go in there and
Short-term little fluctuations they can widen the spread they can do short little runs
Well close proximity liquidity polls
It'll it'll be
Like me running uphill with all of you on my back
And it's a diminishing return for me if i do that
Which is why your analysis needs to be kept private
It needs to be kept private and
Be content with operating in silence
Now some of you aren't going to accept that and that's okay. I can live with that
That's a sacrifice i'm willing to make if that means that you can't stay with me because i'm never going to do that in front of you
And put you in trade because it's really what you want
That's really really really really really what you want
I'm never going to do that because if i was still i'd be going against me too
I'm the hottest thing in technical analysis right now bar none and that is not bragging
It's not
Institutions are now starting to talk my language now
why
Because they see the receipts they see what's being shown here they see other people making money with it
Come on now
My concepts are not going to go away
They're not they're not going to fail but on an individualized basis trade transaction to trade
Transaction they can be
Messed up on a short term and if enough of those examples occur in the public eye you will be
Convince not to spend time studying
And that's the goal that's why they would want to do that
Think about it how's that hard to how's that hard to grasp
I'm not trying to say that
The entire markets are spinning on a stop loss that i say
But if i say that my my interest is that
And then all of you act on that and you start putting your orders live actual orders there
Because your faith in what i think the market's going to do and where it should stop
You're you're creating the very thing and condition and the event i teach that is may owner mentioned
And it happened in this trade i posted my after i took out a partial here a partial here a partial here
This limit order when at first glance it looks like it fills right underneath that level and below
These are here it looks like that
But
The proverbial fill
Okay, the guy that can widen the spread that you don't believe exists
Okay
It's either that or you believe that buying and selling pressure
Selling pressure was abated and buying pressure came in rate to ticks above where my stop loss is and then it comes down and fills mark my limit order would have been
They're proving exactly what i tell you all the time and why i won't do certain things
And i don't care what you as the public viewer think i don't care because you don't understand how easy it is for them to just say
Not right now it won't
I mean go where i wanted to go at a later time
But while the transactions open you don't see me moving my stop loss up once i adjusted
It's just a good practice once you commit to a lowered trail stop loss to stick to it. It stops you out. It's fine
It's okay
And when they come up here and knocked out the trade who cares i took the lion's portion down
It did exactly what i thought what i was recording and showcasing and
That sweet spot of the fair bag you got here and this time window that's the application of the multiplication analogy
From up here about this high how far to this high
I didn't get that high because i was trying to show you the measurements certainly it wasn't me just trying to show you this lipstick stuff
After the fact
Because i got people constantly sending me screenshots of other people not talking to me because
Through this ball is wonders
But they're commenting in their little circle jerks talking about our community our concepts that we use an employee in price action
And how it's always hindsight or it's this day and i think no, it's mathematically derived it's algorithmic
Okay, listen
Are you going to believe the opinion of people that cannot trade that cannot be consistent about anything
And they can't even prove what i'm doing is it really happening
It's very simple
All you got to do is attack the setups and the recording sessions of me doing the executions
Why can't they do that?
Because they know it's real
They know it's real
They can't they can't get around it. They know it's live action live action live execution and there's no way around it
Period
This is the best thing i can do
In bringing you right to the moment when it happens you're watching the recordings you get to see it real time
As it forms in the recording you can see my logic all of that's happening at the same time
I will not open myself up
To the risks that are associated with it
Given you copy me types of situations
I'm not going to do it. I would never do that
Ever i teach price action price action is not trading
Price action is looking for repeating phenomenon and then studying the measurement of a timed execution
That has no monetary reward or risk and then over time by doing that if you
The viewer if you ever come to the conclusion to hey this looks like it works enough times
I'm going to put some money on that and you decide to
Gamble on your experience and i'm going to say it that way
If you hurt yourself you've done so in your own hands you can't blame me
If you make money you can't blame me
You see how that takes me out of the circle of
Responsibility which is the reason why I do what I do and how I do it. I am not licensed to give you traded vice
I'm not I have no interest in doing that
but
For decades i've been teaching people how to read these markets and some of them have found their way in that
Some of them have made lots of money some have never been able to
Arrive it anything they failed they quit they come they come back a couple different times they think they're ready and they can't do it
That's not failure for the concepts or me as a teacher. That's failure for the operator
Just like I was failing in the first few years trying to make it all work
I was learning and I wanted to be fast. I wanted to get through it real quick and you can't speed that up
You can't you can't do that as much as you want to sit in a community
Maybe even go behind a paywall and sit with go to ict. He just sits there and
Maybe play some cool music
And or talks
Well that whatever I want to talk about but you don't care because you want to see me get in a trade talk about where it's gonna go
Where to stop losses and where we're gonna take part. This is where the profit's gonna be that's what you want
That's exactly what you want
The other side that
Expression is this
Everybody was ripping me off when I was doing mentorship
50 different mentorships opened up in the first month of me doing that and they're all copying what I was saying
And then they were leaking all the stuff
So there's no benefit for me to do this at all. There's literally no gain. There's no upside for me to do it
It's a diminishing return look that up
The the edge the the significance the overwhelming power of what it is. I do and teach you
It's better in the hands of those individuals that are on time at the right time and executing
Let's just say for a sake of argument
One quarter of one percent of everybody that follows me and that's not a lot
But it's a lot in terms of
Executions and they were all trying to get in
Inside that little volume of balance and you were trying to get short there not everybody's getting filled
From
Market's gonna move away
It's gonna go there and it's gonna leave
Not everybody's gonna get that fill
And when your brand new or you don't have a lot of experience
You don't realize the impact of something like that
Now if you have a small little group in your brand new and nobody really knows your name
Like for folks that want to eventually get good at this and you want to start your own little signal service or discord and stuff
If the if the client touted you create
Is trading with real money
Those individuals are gonna be wrestling for the same liquidity and not everybody's gonna get a fill
Nobody's gonna have the exact same fills the prices are all gonna be different or they're gonna not be filled at all
That's market mechanics 101. That's just the way it is folks
Ask anybody that's been around for a long time. Okay. Go ask packs
Go ask packs trader, okay
Say 10,000 people
Rough just a rough number say 10,000 people hypothetically they all want to try to get inside of this small little range right in here
I want to short
They're not getting filled not all of them
Not all of them
What do you do with that as a teacher? I make the best concession. I can
And focus on the process the rules and then you judge whether or not these rules hold up in market
If it doesn't hold up then you didn't waste any more time with me go and do something else
But I only want people here that are gonna listen to me and be responsible
Because I'm not gonna be responsible for your results. I can't be
That's why I do it the way I do it in the United States
There's a governing body called the commodity futures trading commission
They tapped me on the shoulder in the 90s because I wasn't using at the time riskless flavors
I was on a miracle online. I was doing all kinds of opinions
And the things I was talking about then worked just like you see here
But they don't like that and I didn't know the laws back then. So they sent me
Some information and basically, you know, I got to slap on the wrist
I don't ever want to be bothered by that. So I always do what I do here
You're never getting into a trade because I'm telling you to
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
